So, now that we have our front end written,
we have the index.html file,
we have the index.js file, everything's all set up,
the original contract, we've tested our contract,
let's go see how the front-end looks like.
This should be pretty simple one,
but let's see what it looks like,
and that's what makes a complete tab.
So now, the first thing we want to make sure the you are,
since we're running against a private network,
we are not deploying a 20 public network yet,
we're just going to truffle develop console.
So, you want to make sure that you're inside
the directory and the develop-console is running.
You also want to make sure that you've compiled the contract, let's just do it again.
All you have to do is compile command.
Once you do that, you also have to
migrate so it makes sure that you only compiled it yet.
You want to migrate it.
We're not testing, testing does it on its own,
but if you want to migrate to the local network,
and that's when it's going to be available inside our index.html and index.js files.
So, let's go migrate this contract on our local network.
I like to use a hyphen, hyphen reset flag,
it just make sure that we have
a clean copy and then sometimes just gives errors without that.
So migrate it to the local network, fantastic.
So, it's local networks so that just as it pretty fast.
If we were doing it to a public network,
public test network, or the public main network,
this probably takes maybe around a minute or so just because this is
local private networks if you did a pretty fast.
It also gives a contract address bags,
so this is the address.
Now, I just want to let you know if you're deploying to
public address or a public network,
this address is something that you can actually go and check out in find it on Etherscan,
but again just a public-private network for now,
so you also get an address back.
So, once we have everything set up,
I'm going to now run my front end.
So, this is my back-end,
my smart contract on my credit to my local network.
Now, we need to run the front end the way it's done that,
and let's go open up another Window there.
Fantastic. We have another Window running,
and again making sure in this writer directory.
It automatically does that for you if you open a new tab,
but you wanna make sure that you're in the right directory,
and inside the directory,
you're going to run the command npm run dev.
You can always go look in the package JSON file where all these commands are coming from,
but that's where it setup.
It's running on npm run dev,
that's a command that you're going to be using,
and that runs your development console which is a front-end.
Fantastic. Now, this is a server and that's what the web pack,
the truffle box makes it really easy for you don't have to install servers separately.
So now, if you see a project,
it says it's running on this port.
So, let's copy this address.
Again we're going to open and browser, and go to this address.
I have already this opened up. So, all we're doing is pasting it and let's go to that.
You can always check these Windows,
it tells you exactly what's going on.
If there's any errors or something,
it will pop up on these terminal windows.
It says it's compiled ,
so now let's go look at our front end.
I also like to open the inspect so
that we can see if there are any errors that come up at the same time.
You want make sure that you met emasculated logged in,
and you're also connected to your private network like I showed you in
the initial tools required video in the beginning of this lesson.
So, make sure it connected,
you've imported address from your development console.
So, one of these addresses using the private keys should have been imported,
which we talked about in the initial video.
That's it, and that's what it is.
So, that's what the front end looks like, a very simple one.
Remember, we have three buttons that be designed: Get Star Name,
Get Star Owner, and Claim Star.
Now, remember these are function calls and this is a transaction.
You'll see something different that happens,
when you do a transaction call,
it just gives you immediately,
when you run a transaction for the function call, information comes immediately.
For a transaction, you'll see a screen will pop up from
the MetaMask asking you to accept the transaction fees.
So, let's go do that. So, I'm gonna get the star name.
Fantastic. Remember this the starting that we had, Awesome Udacity Star.
Then let's go get the owner.
Remember, we did not set the owner yet.
We do not set it in the constructor,
so you should get it all zeros,
fantastic, that's what we expected. We don't set it yet.
Only when it claim a star from whatever address that's in your MetaMask,
that's when it gets set to that address.
So, let's see. If this is the address,
see if this address 0d1.
So, that's the address that I'm using from a truffle compile.
Let's go on claim a star.
Once you claim a star, that's a transaction.
It comes with the MetaMask pops to the transaction saying,
it's going to cost you because it's a transaction call.
And it's going to say confirm it,
I'm going go head confirm.
Now, see on the top,
you see a transaction confirmed thing pops up.
It's says new Star owner is this.
That's the message thing that we put up an HTML page.
Now, if I say "Get Star Owner," it changes to this address, fantastic.
If you always want to go try and pick a different address, you can always check that.
Just a simple thing wanted to give you is that I've seen
this and it just isn't error that's sometimes pops up.
We didn't get it this time, but sometimes you might run a transaction MetaMask,
it might give you like an error called Nonce error.
The reason is that if you're running at local test blockchain that you have shut
down and restarted from a blank state with MetaMask connected to it,
sometimes what the MetaMask just gets confused.
It caches information from the network,
it's currently connected to including completed transactions,
and drives a correct or an incorrect nonce.
All you have to do is go to MetaMask,
and Settings, and Reset Accounts.
You're just going to go hit your MetaMask,
and settings is right there,
and just go to settings.
In case you get a nonce error,
just go right there, the error goes away.
Fantastic. That's what a front end looks like.
So, that's a complete dabs.
So, what we did is we designed a smart contract, we tested it,
we also made a front-page footed that looks like this,
and we'd also running it and seeing that everything is working.